Christopher King – Managing Director
Chris has over 30 years’ experience in real estate private equity; joint ventures; debt and equity origination and execution in public and private markets; corporate finance; and business development in the value-add and opportunistic space.  

As a strong leader, effective negotiator and articulate communicator, Chris has an extensive track record of success across diverse situations including developments; corporate development; acquisitions; divestitures; restructurings; financing (including bond issues and IPO); project and asset management. 

Having started his career at Robert Fleming (subsequently Chase Manhattan/JP Morgan), he was MD, Real Estate, for nine years.  He then moved to London and Regional Properties (L&R) as Group MD. During his eight years with L&R, he was involved in multiple acquisition and asset management initiatives in the hotel and leisure space (including the acquisition of the Hilton Hotel, Park Lane and Chewton Glen). He oversaw the management of two portfolios of Accors, the Strand Palace Hotel, Chewton Glen plus the Next Generation and David Lloyd Leisure businesses. His remit also focused heavily on healthcare real estate (acquiring the largest private hospital group in the UK) and development across all asset classes.  Whilst at L&R, Chris managed the expansion of the firm to become one of Europe's largest private real estate businesses. 

In 2009, Chris formed Align Partners (previously CS Hotels) with recent successful projects including the Doubletree by Hilton Docklands Riverside Hotel, Croydon Park Hotel and Formby Hall Golf Resort & Spa.

David Webster – Operations Director
David is a distinguished hospitality industry leader whose track record over the last 30 years reflects his ability to deliver on the operational requirements for our projects.  Exceptional analytical ability and creative thinking have enabled him to cultivate high-performing teams that continually deliver. His reputation is built on a foundation of excellent interpersonal skills and a strategic vision.

David has managed a diverse portfolio of properties, from internationally renowned Marriott and Hilton affiliated city-centre establishments to European golf resorts like Powerscourt Hotel, Carton House, and the Belfry.  As Senior Operations Director at Hilton, he managed 12 Hilton-branded hotels across the UK & Ireland, including the transitions from Jury's Inn and Thistle Hotels. He was also Director of Revenue for all of Hilton’s London Hotels, introducing optimal practices and pricing, as well as the clustering of the reservation teams to one main centre.

David and the Align team works in close partnership with the on-site hotel team.  David's unparalleled leadership and proven ability to drive success make him a cornerstone of our investment strategy.  His influence extends through every phase of our investment cycle, maintaining a constant presence in the hotels, collaborating with GMs and their senior on-site teams/Heads of Department.  Currently, David is actively engaged with the Morrison Hotel Dublin, where he orchestrated the repositioning from a 4-Star to a 5-Star hotel, and rebranding from Doubletree to a Curio by Hilton, within 16 months.


Lisa King – HR Director, Project Development Director
As a highly qualified and experienced senior Human Resources Director, Lisa provides proactive, hands-on HR guidance and direction to the Hotels’ onsite HR teams. With over 30 years in the business, the longevity of Lisa’s experience in HR means that she has comprehensively covered the entire suite of HR responsibilities, including change management (organisational restructuring and redundancy programmes); recruitment and retention strategies (including apprenticeship and internship programmes); performance management; training and development (including employee onboarding and induction programmes); talent management (including promotion/career progression and succession planning); remuneration and benefits (including incentive arrangements); payroll efficiencies; scoping and implementing new HRMS; employee relations; documentation, policy and procedural reviews and development; and compliance with prevailing employment legislation and best practice. Lisa also held the role as Global HR Project Director where she was responsible for co-ordinating and delivering high profile projects with a world-wide team, ensuring timely roll-outs and to budget.

Separately, Lisa is responsible for coordinating our Development Projects, from concept through to implementation and completion, including CapEx planning and monitoring; appointing and managing consultants who comprise the Development Team; procuring FFE; negotiating and securing the best deals; working with Branding and F&B Consultants. Lisa was the key interface on our successful refurbishment project at the Doubletree by Hilton Docklands Riverside Hotel and the extensive refurbishment programme and master planning exercise (which successfully secured planning consent) at Formby Hall Golf Resort & Spa. She is currently Project Co-Ordinator on the large-scale development project at Corus Hyde Park Hotel.

Jonathan Baker – Finance and IT Director 
Jon has worked in the hospitality sector for over 26 years, predominantly in high-profile financial roles and company board positions in both the UK and USA, in multi-site units and Head Office positions.  
Jon has managed acquisitions and new developments with independent hotels and brands including IHG, Accor, Hilton, Best Western and Wyndham.  He has constructed major investment appraisals and delivered large-scale hotel refurbishment programs to strict time scales and on budget.
Jon has extensive experience in developing and rolling out new digital concepts to support acquisitions, disposals, bank funding, compliance, IT, revenue management and HR.  Specialising in building dynamic teams and processes, motivating staff to drive growth, increase efficiency, cost effectiveness and bottom-line profit, Jon’s expansive knowledge in this field has resulted in being a highly regarded member of the HOSPA, Institute of Directors and Institute of Hospitality.  He is also a Xero certified partner supporting companies in the hospitality sector to streamline processes.  
Jon works closely with the on-site Finance team and is further supported by a Financial Accountant, IT Consultants and outsourced partners (where required/in situ) to deal with transactional processing and reporting.

